For this assignment we are to make use of everything you have done so far. We want you to make your own research and produce and present a trend report or a trend article. Report range approximately 4000-6000 words plus bibliography plus attachments. Grade criteria described in Course Information.

This assignment aims to make use of everything we have touched upon so far in the course. First, you identify and select a topic or a theme that is interesting for you to learn more about. Second, start collecting weak signals and other intelligence on this topic or theme. Find a way to categorize and cluster your findings. Identify and describe important trends or maybe just trend indicators, which you can exemplify with micro observations/weak signals. Name your trends and start to consider impact.  Then discuss and analyze what these observations could mean for society or business or both. The report also includes a very short description of the methods you have used and specifying the sources but the main focus is on your results. A logbook is recommended as support for the work, especially your web searches and sources. It can be attached to the report as an appendix.

The logbook is one of things that are possible to create throughout the course, 
so a tip is to take note of your searches also from other assignments to create an advantage.

Suggested structure
Before and ongoing when writhing:

Identify a topic or theme. What do you want to wright about.
Note that if you treat your trend report like an ongoing process you might let your topic evolve throughout the course. In a sense it’s instead possible to start with the next bullet point. 
Scan (scan again and then scan some more). Collect signals and other information about your theme.
Make sure you got a system for collection and categorization of information before you do detailed searches. A recommendation is also to use a logbook that can be attached to the report.
A strong recommendation in this assignment is to scan and collect signals/information based upon a PEST- model. I.E you make sure that your scanning are broad and become too narrow.
Note that we are asking for a report or an article. This can in an academic context suggest that you are bound to follow quite specific rules for structure and methods. In this course we relate and adapt to these concepts in a light manner. But it's of course nice if your submission shows traits from the chosen format. More important is however to use references and literature in a good way, make sure you use an accepted system of referencing. (eg. APA)

Create the report (text).

Describe your starting point, from what perspective and context are you writing your report. (For whom is it important and what is your theme and subject)
Identify and describe signals, trends or trend indicators.
Describe possible impact of identified trends.
Discuss and analyze what it can mean.
Also include methods you have used, and how you used them.
Use a structure and title system that reflect either report or article format.
The use of explaining figures, pictures, diagrams or other visual aids are encouraged. 
Good luck!